So I'm going through here and I'm pulling some more Selex.
And there's a great moment here where I want to show a technique we can use.
It's really a handy way to use a cross dissolve.
So if I play these clips together back to back, I'm putting some lenses on the shelf.
And then there's another take where I bring my hand back and then I kind of reposition the lens.
So if we do want to use the second shot, here's the thing.
You see a big you see a snap right there because the lighting is slightly different in these two different
takes, the same angle.
The framing hasn't changed.
But you can see that snap.
It's a little bit jarring and a little bit distracting.
So this is the perfect opportunity to use a little cross design.
So let's highlight our clips here.
And we're going to go over to our effects panel and we're going to put it across the Gulf and we're
going to go and we're going to drag that crosses off right on the middle of these two clips.
Now, the default of a cross is all for all editing softwares.
It's going to be a pretty decent amount of time.
So we don't really need it for quite that much.
The longer you stretch the crosses, all the more it's going to blend these two shots together over
a slower amount of time.
You can see my hand there start to go out and disappear.
So we don't want that.
We're going to keep it nice and short.
But let's go ahead and play this through.
And you can see there's no more quick snap between the change of these two shots.
This really dissolved the transition between these two and blended it together nicely.
So when the shadow from my hand comes in, it's seamless.
Perfect.
So that's with it.
And if I highlighted.
And delete it.
This is without.
Well.
And this is with.
Perfect.
So we have another opportunity over here as well for a similar type of shot where I sit down this light.
And then in a separate shot, but with the same framing, again, I go down and I turn on the light.
So we have this same similar snap between the exposure of the two.
Let's see what we can do with the cross dissolves.
So I'm going to drag it again between these two clips.
Going to shorten the length of this transition hit play.
And it's a lot more gradual.
So this is with it.
And this is without.
Way better with.